hi it's mark from GA kae doctor at UK
and all this week we're giving you a
chance to win these vox tone garage
pedals today is the v8 which is a kind
of high gain distortion quite modern
sounding again powered by a valve as
with all the pedals in this series
simple controls on their volume gain you
can really get some real kind of grindy
tones out of it based to just bring in a
bit more bottom end and overall tone
control and then this mid shift which
kind of scoops the mid range allowing
you to get kind of modern thrash
Tyrone's out of it
stick around cuz we have got the
question at the end allowing you to win
one of these pedals but for now let's
plug it in and see what it sounds like
okay like I said at the top of the video
you can win one of these Vox tone
Garrett v8 distortion pedals by
answering this simple question what does
this little switch on the pedal do so
just leave the answer in the comments
below
competitions too open to UK residents
and the winner will be picked at random